# AuraFlow Methodology
This draft aims to present proposal for a project management methodology called AuraFlow, which aims to bring a new approach to the management model found in the main technology companies in the world, the Agile standard.
At the same time, I intend to move forward with a model superior to that found in the RUP, in order to eliminate the losses generated by excesses, be they in documentation, meetings and ceremonial activities that mostly occur just to maintain the protocol. 

## Main Improvements
1. Flexibility without Chaos
2. Scalability
3. Improve Feedback Loops
4. Effective & Real Communication
5. Balancing Documentation
6. Adapt to Changing Requirements
7. Sustainable Continuous Improvement
8. Cultural Adoption and Change Management

## Introduction

The primary purpose of AuraFlow is to reduce unnecessary activities that usually cause delays in project deliveries and stress people with no sense of topics.

After decades of working in the IT industry, participating in dozens of projects in many companies, I had noticed that in most of these projects, we had participated in activities that were mainly merely to be compliant with some project management methodology or, in some cases only a way to fix poorly executed methods in those same methodologies. 
That being said, it doesn't mean that I am trying to eliminate all the problems in all the projects around the world with this methodology because it would be wild to create such a thing (not a silver-bullet solution). Still, I expect to propose something more assertive and effective in this manner.

While writing this paper, I focus on relieving those currently participating in some IT projects who are tired of following instructions without a clear direction because some methodology says so.


## Flexibility without Chaos

Let's imagine a situation when there are two teams working in the same product. They have their independent cerimonies, like daily meetings, Sprint reviews, etc. But also, frequently the Scrum Master of these teams participate in some general meetings to synchronize both teams and their projects. What would be the drawbacks in this scenario?

The most common problem we encounter in this type of situation is related to inefficient communication, which in most cases generates a lot of rework, conflicts between teams, resulting in a loss of time and money on projects.

What would be an ideal solution to this problem? Have all team participants be present at all ceremonies for both projects? Keep a video record of all meetings? Have a central document that reflects the complete planning of projects related to the product?

Making all group members participate in all meetings would be a step backwards and would generate even more wear and tear and wasted time. Recording all meetings would not necessarily solve the problem, because it does not imply that all participants will at some point see these contents.

Nowadays we have many tools that allow us to condense this information in an organized and summarized way, in a very efficient way. With the use of Artificial Intelligence, we can summarize meetings in an agenda format, highlighting the essential items for the project, and we can also maintain this content on knowledge platforms, such as Confluence, Sharepoint, or others.

What I mean by this is that we should benefit from the use of new technologies in order to correct processes that for years have generated significant wear and tear in companies and projects of the most varied types.

## Scalability


## Improve Feedback Loops


## Effective & Real Communication


## Balancing Documentation


## Adapt to Changing Requirements


## Sustainable Continuous Improvement


## Cultural Adoption and Change Management


